# mwseTimerController
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">mwsetimercontroller</div>

<!---
	This file is autogenerated. Do not edit this file manually. Your changes will be ignored.
	More information: https://github.com/MWSE/MWSE/tree/master/docs
-->

A Timer Controller is a class used to sort and trigger callbacks based on an arbitrary timekeeping mechanic. By default there are three Timer Controllers for each type of timers: `timer.simulate`, `timer.game` or `timer.real`.

## Properties

### `clock`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">clock</div>

The current clock time for this timer controller. Timer Controller, responsible for `timer.game` type of timers, has clock equal to the game's simuation timestamp. Timer Controllers, responsible for `timer.real`, and `timer.simulate`, types of timers have their initial clock set to `0` on a new game, and their clock's progressions is equal to `deltaTime`. Timer Controller's, responsible for `timer.simulate` timers, clock only advances when the menu mode is off.

**Returns**:

* `result` (number)

***

## Methods

### `create`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">create</div>

Creates a timer for the given Timer Controller.

```lua
local timer = myObject:create({ duration = ..., callback = ..., iterations = ..., persist = ..., data = ... })
```

**Parameters**:

* `params` (table)
	* `duration` (number): Duration of the timer. The method of time passing depends on the timer type.
	* `callback` (fun(e: mwseTimerCallbackData), string): The callback function that will execute when the timer expires. If starting a registered timer, this needs to be the `name` string passed to `timer.register`.
	* `iterations` (integer): *Default*: `1`. The number of iterations to run. Use `-1` for infinite looping.
	* `persist` (boolean): *Default*: `true`. Registering a timer with persist flag set to `true` will serialize the callback string in the save to persist between sessions. Only a registered timer will persist between sessions. See `timer.register()`.
	* `data` (table, nil): *Default*: `nil`. Data to be attached to the timer. If this is a persistent timer, the data must be json-serializable, matching the same limitations as data stored on references.

**Returns**:

* `timer` ([mwseTimer](../../types/mwseTimer))

***

## Functions

### `new`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">new</div>

Creates a new Timer Controller. Its initial clock is zero, unless a start time is provided.

```lua
local result = mwseTimerController.new(startTime)
```

**Parameters**:

* `startTime` (number): *Optional*.

**Returns**:

* `result` ([mwseTimerController](../../types/mwseTimerController))

