# tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.button
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">tes3ui.showmessagemenu.params.button, .showmessagemenu.params.button</div>

<!---
	This file is autogenerated. Do not edit this file manually. Your changes will be ignored.
	More information: https://github.com/MWSE/MWSE/tree/master/docs
-->

Layout for the buttons table passed to `tes3ui.showMessageMenu` function.

## Properties

### `callback`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">callback</div>

The function to call when this button is clicked.

**Returns**:

* `result` (fun(callbackParams: table))

***

### `enableRequirements`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">enablerequirements, requirements</div>

Function that, if provided, determines whether the button will call the callback when clicked, or be disabled + greyed out. This function will be passed the `callbackParams` table that was provided in `tes3ui.showMessageMenu`.

**Returns**:

* `result` (fun(callbackParams: table): boolean, nil)

***

### `showRequirements`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">showrequirements, requirements</div>

If set, the button will only be visible if this function returns true. This function will be passed the `callbackParams` table that was provided in `tes3ui.showMessageMenu`.

**Returns**:

* `result` (fun(callbackParams: table): boolean, nil)

***

### `text`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">text</div>

**Required.** The label on the button.

**Returns**:

* `result` (string)

***

### `tooltip`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">tooltip</div>

A table with header and text that will display as a tooltip when an enabled button is hovered over. Can also be a function that returns a tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip.

**Returns**:

* `result` ([tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip](../../types/tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip), fun(callbackParams: table): tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip, nil)

***

### `tooltipDisabled`
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">tooltipdisabled</div>

The tooltip to show when the button is disabled. Can be a simple string or a table with header and text that will display as a tooltip when a disabled button is hovered over. Can also be a function that returns a `tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip`.

**Returns**:

* `result` (string, [tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip](../../types/tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip), fun(callbackParams: table): tes3ui.showMessageMenu.params.tooltip, nil)

