# calcHitDetectionCone
<div class="search_terms" style="display: none">calchitdetectioncone</div>

<!---
	This file is autogenerated. Do not edit this file manually. Your changes will be ignored.
	More information: https://github.com/MWSE/MWSE/tree/master/docs
-->

This event is raised before a hit attempt, to set up the hit detection cone of a attack swing. It is also raised a second time when the attack animation reaches its hit point, to check if the target is still within reach.

```lua
--- @param e calcHitDetectionConeEventData
local function calcHitDetectionConeCallback(e)
end
event.register(tes3.event.calcHitDetectionCone, calcHitDetectionConeCallback)
```

!!! tip
	This event can be filtered based on the **`attacker.baseObject`** event data.

!!! tip
	An event can be claimed by setting `e.claim` to `true`, or by returning `false` from the callback. Claiming the event prevents any lower priority callbacks from being called.

## Event Data

* `angleXY` (number): The maximum allowable angle offset (in radians) in the horizontal direction that will hit. This is related to game setting fCombatAngleXY but using different units. May be adjusted.
* `angleZ` (number): The maximum allowable angle offset (in radians) in the vertical direction that will hit. This is related to game setting fCombatAngleZ but using different units. May be adjusted.
* `attacker` ([tes3reference](../../types/tes3reference)): *Read-only*. The reference of the attacker.
* `attackerMobile` ([tes3mobileActor](../../types/tes3mobileActor)): *Read-only*. The mobile which is making the attack.
* `reach` (number): The weapon's reach multiplier, typically in the range 0.5 - 2.0. May be adjusted.
* `target` ([tes3reference](../../types/tes3reference)): *Read-only*. The reference of the target. Only available at the second stage (weapon strike).
* `targetMobile` ([tes3mobileActor](../../types/tes3mobileActor)): *Read-only*. The mobile which is targetted. Only available at the second stage (weapon strike).

